OCPBUGS-15609: docs - add AWS CLI commands for STS instructions (#97)
openshift/aws-load-balancer-operator: docs/prerequisites.md

### For STS clusters

> #### Option 1. Using `ccoctl`

Reviewer: Same comment here for a little intro on which Option to choose, and why.

Author: An intro is added.

    https://raw.githubusercontent.com/openshift/aws-load-balancer-operator/main/hack/operator-credentials-request.yaml
    ccoctl aws create-iam-roles \ --name <name> --region=<aws_region> \
    --credentials-requests-dir=<path-to-credrequests-dir> \
    --identity-provider-arn <oidc-arn> ```

    For each `CredentialsRequest` object, `ccoctl` creates an IAM role with a
    trust policy that is tied to the specified OIDC identity provider, and
    permissions policy as defined in each `CredentialsRequest` object. This
    also generates a set of secrets in a **manifests** directory that is
    required by the **aws-load-balancer-operator**.

4. Apply the secrets to your cluster:

    ```bash ls manifests/*-credentials.yaml | xargs -I{} oc apply -f {} ```

5. Verify that the operator's credentials secret is created:

    ```bash oc -n aws-load-balancer-operator get secret
    aws-load-balancer-operator -o json | jq -r '.data.credentials' | base64 -d
    [default] sts_regional_endpoints = regional role_arn =
    arn:aws:iam::999999999999:role/aws-load-balancer-operator-aws-load-balancer-operator
    web_identity_token_file = /var/run/secrets/openshift/serviceaccount/token
    ```

> #### Option 2. Using AWS CLI

Reviewer: Any comments I made in install.md - same for this file, where applicable.

Author: Done.

    web_identity_token_file = /var/run/secrets/openshift/serviceaccount/token
    ```

#### Option 2. Using AWS CLI

1. Create AWS Load Balancer Operator's namespace:
    ```bash
    oc create namespace aws-load-balancer-operator
    ```

2. Generate a trusted policy file using your identity provider (e.g. OpenID Connect):
    ```bash
    IDP="<my-oidc-provider-name>"
    IDP_ARN="arn:aws:iam::<my-aws-account>:oidc-provider/${IDP}"
    cat <<EOF > albo-operator-trusted-policy.json
    {
        "Version": "2012-10-17",
        "Statement": [
            {
                "Effect": "Allow",
                "Principal": {
                    "Federated": "${IDP_ARN}"
                },
                "Action": "sts:AssumeRoleWithWebIdentity",
                "Condition": {
                    "StringEquals": {
                        "${IDP}:sub": "system:serviceaccount:aws-load-balancer-operator:aws-load-balancer-operator-controller-manager"
                    }
                }
            }
        ]
    }
    EOF
    ```

> 3. Create the role with the generated trusted policy:
>     ```bash
>     aws iam create-role --role-name albo-operator --assume-role-policy-document file://albo-operator-trusted-policy.json
>     OPERATOR_ROLE_ARN=$(aws iam get-role --role-name albo-operator | \grep '^ROLE' | \grep -Po 'arn:aws:iam[0-9a-z/:\-_]+')
>     ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Create and verify the role with the generated trusted policy:
    ```bash
    aws iam create-role --role-name albo-operator --assume-role-policy-document file://albo-operator-trusted-policy.json
    OPERATOR_ROLE_ARN=$(aws iam get-role --role-name albo-operator | \grep '^ROLE' | \grep -Po 'arn:aws:iam[0-9a-z/:\-_]+')
    echo $OPERATOR_ROLE_ARN
    ```
```
